14
W Excuse me. I think I know you from somewhere.
M Hmm... You look familiar, too.
W Do you ever go diving?
M As a matter of fact, I went last Saturday.
W That's it! We're in the same diving class.
M Yeah. I think I do remember seeing you now. 
W Oh, my name is Julia.
M Nice to see you again. I'm John.
W So, John, how long have you been diving?
M Oh, just a couple of months. What about you?
W About six months, I guess.


15
M While walking to a subway station with a friend, Liz realizes that she forgot her wallet at home. She is in trouble because her transit card is in the wallet. She searches all of her pockets, hoping to find enough money so that she can pay for the subway. There're a couple of coins, but not enough to cover the subway fare. Now she has to either borrow some money from her friend or go back home and get the wallet. She thinks about it for a while. Finally, she turns to her friend and asks him to help her. What will Liz most likely say to him?
Liz Could you lend me some money?


16
M Hello, students. I hope you're excited about today's hike. My name is Scott, and I'll be your guide. I want everyone to have a great time today, so please listen carefully to the following instructions. First, everyone needs a "buddy." Your buddy is your partner. Don't let your buddy out of your sight. This is for safety; it's important always to know where your buddy is. You'll also notice that each student has a whistle. Put it around your neck, but only use it in case of emergency. For example, if you get lost, blow your
whistle. And everyone has a safety kit, too. Inside you should have bug spray, sunscreen, a map, some snacks, and a bottle of water. These are all very important items. Use them when you need them. Finally, as you can see, everyone is wearing a yellow cap. Please keep it on your head at all times. This makes it easier for all of us to stick together as a group. Well, that's it! We'll be hiking for about five hours today. Let's have a great time!